Cleanup fluid build options (#23764)
microsoft/FluidFramework: build-tools/packages/build-tools/README.md

  -? --help                 Print this message
     --install              Run npm install for all packages/monorepo. This skips a package if node_modules already exists: it can not be used to update in response to changes to the package.json.
     --workerMemoryLimitMB  Memory limit for worker threads in MB
  -r --rebuild              Clean and build on matched packages (all if package regexp is not specified)
     --reinstall            Same as --uninstall --install.
  -g --releaseGroup         Release group to operate on
     --root <path>          Root directory of the Fluid repo (default: env _FLUID_ROOT_)
  -t --task <name>          target to execute (default:build)
     --symlink              Deprecated. Fix symlink between packages within monorepo (isolate mode). This configures the symlinks to only connect within each lerna managed group of packages. This is the configuration tested by CI and should be kept working.
     --symlink:full         Deprecated. Fix symlink between packages across monorepo (full mode). This symlinks everything in the repo together. CI does not ensure this configuration is functional, so it may or may not work.

>      --uninstall            Clean all node_modules. This errors if some node-nodules folders do not exists: if hitting this limitation you can do an install first to work around it.

Reviewer: Minor: existing typo (replace "nodules").

Author: ```suggestion
     --uninstall            Clean all node_modules. This errors if some node-modules folders do not exists: if hitting this limitation you can do an install first to work around it.
```

>      --uninstall            Clean all node_modules. This errors if some node-modules folders do not exists: if hitting this limitation you can do an install first to work around it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     --uninstall            Clean all node_modules. This errors if some node_modules folder do not exist. If hitting this limitation, you can do an install first to work around it.
```
